content/about.md, before:

---
title: "Chandra Harsha Jupalli"
date: 2020-11-26T17:36:03-06:00
draft: false
---
```yaml
 Good Judgement comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgemement - Jim Horning
```

#### Software Development Experience
- *Cerner Corporation, Software Engineer, June 2018-Oct 2022* 
    - Responsible for driving API reviews across micro services to eliminate redundant API’s in Millennium an EHR product.
    - Developed sidecar functionality, which casts SRV requests to HTTP, created docker images and deployed the service using Helm to Kubernetes.
    - Gained experience working with CI-CD concepts using Jenkins Pipelines.
    - Implemented UI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery Data Table API to create responsive web pages, created endpoints in Spring MVC to add export functionality, implemented CRUD operations. 
- *Cognizant technology solutions, 2015-2016*
    - Formulated and Implemented unit tests in .Net Platform using FAKES in C#
  
#### Education
   - Masters degree in Computer Engineering from Syracuse University - 2018
   - Bachelors degree in Computer Science from SRM University - 2015

#### Interests 
   - Software Development
   - Economics 
   - History
   - Psychology

Commit message:

Add Oracle to About section

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "Chandra Harsha Jupalli"
date: 2020-11-26T17:36:03-06:00
draft: false
---
```yaml
 Good Judgement comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgemement - Jim Horning
```

#### Software Development Experience
- *Oracle  Corporation, Software Engineer, Oct 2022 - Present*
  - Implemented new features and collaborated on a Java based development platform to provide a consistent means
    of developing microservices and handled central cloud deployments.
  - Managed Java dependencies, identified, and fixed security vulnerabilities or CVEs for microservices.
  - Worked on a Cadence bundles feature to manage all the enterprise stack dependencies for enterprise Java services. 
- *Cerner Corporation, Software Engineer, June 2018-Oct 2022* 
  - Developed automation scripts and functionality that facilitated shadowing and canarying micro service migrations.
  - Implemented Auth support for sidecar service, which takes in SRV request and casts it to HTTP, and deployed the service      using Helm to Kubernetes.
  - Led API reviews across micro services to eliminate redundant APIs in Millennium, an EHR product.
  - Leveraged Jenkins to create multibranched pipelines across several libraries to improve CI-CD.
  - Created endpoints in Spring MVC to add export functionality, implemented CRUD operations using Hibernate (HQL), Implemented UI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery Data Table API to create responsive web pages.
  - Mentored new associates that joined between Aug 2020 to Dec 2022
- *Cognizant technology solutions, 2015-2016*
    - Formulated and Implemented unit tests in .Net Platform using FAKES in C#
  
#### Education
   - Masters degree in Computer Engineering from Syracuse University - 2018
   - Bachelors degree in Computer Science from SRM University - 2015

#### Interests 
   - Software Development
   - Economics 
   - History
   - Psychology
